Removing color (red/green) from docs (#3444)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/data_and_infrastructure_agility/support/zendesk.md

### Step 1: Create your Braze webhook
<br>
**Campaign**<br>To create a webhook, go to the **Campaigns** page in the Braze dashboard, under **Engagement**. From the **Create Campaign** drop-down, select **Webhook** and name your campaign.<br>

> **Canvas**<br>To create a webhook, from a new or existing Canvas, create a full or message step in the Canvas builder. Next, click the message icon that appears and then **Webhook** from the message options.

Reviewer: Suggestion for a minor rewrite:
```suggestion
**Canvas**<br>To create a webhook, from a new or existing Canvas, create a full or message step in the Canvas builder. Next, click **Messages** and then select **Webhook** from the message options.
```
